Dashboard: rephrase (#493)
hacs/documentation: source/docs/use/type/dashboard.md

    - Plugin
    - Lovelace

> The term "Dashboard elements" in HACS refers to all types of dashboard elements, such as [dashboards](https://www.home-assistant.io/dashboards/dashboards/), [views](https://www.home-assistant.io/dashboards/views/), or [cards](https://www.home-assistant.io/dashboards/cards/). It includes any element that you can add under <!-- hacs:my lovelace_resources title="**{{coreui('panel.config')}}** > **{{coreui('ui.panel.config.dashboard.dashboards.main')}}** > three dots menu > **{{coreui('ui.panel.config.lovelace.resources.caption')}}**" -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The term "Dashboard elements" in HACS refers to all types of dashboard elements, such as [dashboards](https://www.home-assistant.io/dashboards/dashboards/), [views](https://www.home-assistant.io/dashboards/views/), [cards](https://www.home-assistant.io/dashboards/cards/), and more. It includes any element that you can add under <!-- hacs:my lovelace_resources title="**{{coreui('panel.config')}}** > **{{coreui('ui.panel.config.dashboard.dashboards.main')}}** > three dots menu > **{{coreui('ui.panel.config.lovelace.resources.caption')}}**" -->

```
